Try moving me again and I'll kill you
Threatened me
Damn you dare to hit me
You make it clear that I am from Wu Gong Gang
You can't afford to offend
Wu Gong Gang's fake Dragon Emperor is still left and right
He is the son of the helper
You hit him?
Robbed his woman
You are courting death
Let us go if you are sensible
Or I'll kill your mother
Threatening me
Three highs and three highs
Call and take two calls to kill his horse for me
Love to fight
Keep playing
No no more
Brother brother
Have something to say
Let's not do it
If you let me find you, the world will do well
OK
You go. I'm not going
The martial arts gang is powerful
Ruthless to find death?
No one in this world can do anything to me
Okay, go if you want to die
I'm going to die
Hey!
This bastard
I have no ability to save you in the end